You successfully made it to the end of Lesson One.
And with that comes a big homework assignment.
Not too big, don't worry.
Don't get too stressed out. We have a lot of fun stuff for you to do.
We also want to set you up for success.
And with that comes signing up to various other outlets,
that will allow you to succeed throughout the rest of this course,
and the courses to follow.
First off, we would really like it if you visited the Qualcomm Developer Network.
We recommend you poke around the different tools and resources.
There's an entire section dedicated to the Dragonboard 410c.
There are also several newsletters that are available to you.
We recommend signing up to the one that interests you the most.
Now, after that, move on over to the 96boards.org website, and do the same thing.
Explore the different resources available to you there.
Check out the documentation,
check out the backend GitHub repositories,
and have some fun exploring what you can get to do with your Dragonboard 410c.
Now, these next three items are required,
and we will be implementing a way for you to submit
and receive credit for through the Coursera platform.
It is required for you to attend at least one open hours episode.
Now, in the last video you saw a link to the open our website.
You also have it available here.
Please contact me while in
the open hours episode I'll provide you with a unique homework code,
and you will submit that to receive credit.
Next, register to the 96boards forum.
When doing this you will be prompted to create handle.
This handle you must submit to receive credit in the Coursera assessment's.
Next and last finally,
last but not least,
you need to sign up for the 96boards newsletter.
Now, we recommend signing up to this because as mentioned in
the last video there is a lot of really cutting edge information in there.
The stuff that comes out first,
you're there to see it; New projects, contests,
different documentation, all sorts of really fun stuff that's
happening in the ecosystem that you need to be aware of.
We promise not to send more than four emails a month and you can always unsubscribe.
But for the meantime,
we recommend you do this to make sure that you are set up for
success throughout the remainder of this course and the courses to come.
So, get to it and we will check your homeworks soon.